(You've been following the Narrator for a while, walking with him in silence. There wasn't much to talk about though, so you steeled yourself for the Herculean task ahead.)
(Eventually, both of you come to a yellow brick road. The Narrator turns around, nods at you knowingly, and begins moving towards the end of the brick road. You follow anticipatingly.)
(You both stop outside an decripit looking building. Stepping in with the Narrator however, you find that it is actually well furnished.)
(There are bookshelves full of tomes surrrounding a bulky metal device.)
Narrator: Here we are. The Meme Machine. It's not in the best condition, but then again, it is kinda ancient.
(The Meme Machine appears to be made of steel and some other kind of metal. It is large, old, and worn, the latter two due to its age.)
Narrator: Here, lemme show you how it works. There's a covering that can only be moved by a Grand Memer. Once you remove it, place both your hands into the basin to summon a meme.
Narrator: I should warn you though, its kinda random. Even Grand Memers can't control the outcome of what's created; they can only use them.
Narrator: You need Knowledge to summon a meme. Each summon costs 100 Knowledge. As long as ya got enough, you can do it.
Narrator: See these texts around? Read them, and you'll gain Knowledge.
Narrator: As I've said before, not all memes are created equal. Some are far stronger than normal. These are known as "dank memes".
Narrator: Normal memes are worth 1 Power. Dank memes are far more rare, and are worth 3 Power.
Narrator: You'll need a minimum amount of Power in order to overpower Kar'm and defeat him. Unfortunately, I don't know how much. Just get as many as you can, I suppose.
Narrator: Well, now that you know the rules, go on, give it a try.

> User input here <

Narrator: Nice. You've summoned your first meme.
Narrator: You're probably gonna be busy for a while. I'll be upstairs. Yell for me when you've gathered enough Power to kick some overgrown lizard ass.

> Pepe the Frog <

There once was a saint who brought peace, harmony, and prosperity to Datascape. In all his green skinned glory, he taught the residents of this realm how to harness the power of memes.
Granted permission by the creators of this world, Saint Pepe decreed that there be Memers and Grand Memers to care for and maintain the memes. 
They would also serve as protectors of Datascape, for the generation after he was gone.
He was loved by all, until his great fall. Consumed by an unknown darkness, Saint Pepe succumbed to evil and became a symbol of hate for a group known only as the "Alt-Right".
Before he could be fully consumed by the darkness; however, he sealed his existence as a meme, effectively immortalizing himself, at the cost of his life.
Nonetheless, his influence has not waned. Many know his story, though even more feel the work he has done.

> Good Guy Greg <

There once was a man named Greg, who was perhaps, the nicest person to ever exist in the Datascape. 
He could never be seen without a weed blunt in his mouth, and his signature smile present on his face.
Whatever assistance one needed, he would always be there to help. Whether it be carrying things, fixing a problem, or simply answering a question, he would always offer a hand.
He was eventually offered the status of a Saint, but declined politely, to which surprised nobody.
His kind actions are spoken of as tales to inspire children.

> Grumpy Cat <

Tardar Sauce was perhaps, the most NOT amused cat to live. In fact, this is what would lead her to being famously known as "Grumpy Cat".
While other feline friends would cuddle, mew, purr, and play along with their humans, she refuses to take part in such ridiculous antics.
Maybe she's just planning something? How to get rid of her human? Obtaining all the catnip for herself? World domination?
One thing is for certain though. She is most assuredly, sick of your s**t.

> Trump's Wall <

Trumpty Dumpty wanted a wall.
Lining the border, 20 feet tall.
The Mexican people agreed with the lout.
"We'll pay for the thing, if it keeps Trumpty out!"

> INCREDIBILIS <

There was once a Roman centurion, armored from head to toe, dressed for battle, and masked with the image of a stoic warrior.
His gladius was an extension of his arm, and his fist, an extension of his conviction.
In battles, Latin warcries could be heard by his allies and enemies. But there was one word in particular that stood out.
"Incredibilis"

> Daubeny <

He had to think. His castle was being sieged, by an old friend turned foe. Nonetheless, he had to come up with a strategy to drive the enemy army back.
His forces were outnumbered, and he did not wish to see the blood of his own men spilled.
Suddenly, he heard the cries. 
"DAUBENY! DAUBENY, SHOW YOURSELF!"
And so the Warden known as Daubeny did. In all his glory, he presented himself to the Lawbringer that was set out to kill or capture him.
"THESE WARRIORS DON'T HAVE TO DIE. TRIAL BY COMBAT, RIGHT NOW!", yelled the Lawbringer.
Daubeny responded, "Fight you?! That's not a trial! That's an execution!"
The Lawbringer challenged the Warden to fight his second in command, to which he offered up his own "second".
Daubeny's second won. The Lawbringer, disappointed in his defeat and intrigued by the other second's skill, knighted her, and took her under his wing.
Though Daubeny had suffered a loss, he gathered his forces and fled, living to fight another day, plotting his future revenge.

> I Have the High Ground <

Legends speak of two incredibly skilled martial artists, who used laser swords and wielded a mysterious energy field known only as "The Force".
These two martial artist were called Jedi, a name only given to those who have mastered both the Force and their laser swords.
Initially brother in arms, one of these Jedi's heart grew dark, and out of what he perceived as an attempt to save his beloved, betrayed everyone around him.
The two came to clash, dueling over a facility on a lava planet. The fight was spectacular, though the death battle came to an end eventually.
One of the Jedi, lept to higher ground and challenged the other, daring him to jump. The other did, and thus the battle came to an end.
The Jedi with a dark heart had lost. Missing an arm and both his legs from the waist down, he was left to die on the lava planet of Mustafar.
But fate had other plans for him...

> Jager's ACOG <

A very smart German speedy boi, once had a very powerful rifle, known as the HK416-Carbine. It had high damage, and was deadly accurate.
What made this weapon extraordinary however, was an ACOG sight, allowing him to zoom in and see from further away.
Combined together, this made for an overpowering weapon, capable of stopping attackers before they could even move into the objective building.
Overlord Ubisoft heard the complaints of the other operators, and wisely decided to remove his ACOG. Now, Jager is only a shell of his former self.

> Graves' Cigar <

Being an outlaw is tiring. After all, you're constantly on the run, and you can't really trust anybody. This was the case for Graves.
Carrying a heavy double barreled hextech shotgun, affectionately named "Destiny", he's had more than his fair share of conflicts.
But sometimes, a man's gotta relax. Graves looks to his stash of cigars for this. As he fumbled around his coat pockets for them, he couldn't find them. At all.
A horrible realization had dawned on him. The Riot Gods had taken them away from him. Probably because it risked violating the T for Teens rating.
A loud "NOOOOOO!" echoed into the distance.

> Lolcats <

The council of Lolcats is an order known by many, but constituted by few. 
Their members have made the day of countless humans, and caused the laughter of even more.
They are appreciated nearly universally as welcome additions to the internet community.
But only the most memeable felines may join their order.