[ Are you SURE you are ready to face Kar'm? ]

> User input here <

(You call for the Narrator, and tell him that you are ready)
(After a while of planning, you and the Narrator exit the old building, and begin the journey to Kar'm's domain.)
Narrator: Alright kid. Let's get going then.
(You sighed to yourself. Both of you had a long road ahead. Literally. Discussing plans earlier over a map of the Datascape made you realize just how big this place was.)
(And just how much territory Kar'm has conquered too.)

> User input here <

(There wasn't much conversation during your travels; there didn't need to be. Both of you knew what had to be done, and besides, the tension made it rather unfit for small talk.)
(Suddenly, you remember something very important. You hadn't given much though, though to be fair, more important matters had your attention.)
(How were you going to get back home? You ask this question to the Narrator, hoping he would already have a solution in mind. He did...kinda.)
Narrator: I'm not so sure about that. I certainly don't have the power to transfer things in or out of the Datascape. 
Narrator: Kar'm's the reason why you're here, ain't he? He must have a way to get you out then.
(You hoped that the robed figure was right.)

> User input here 

(It was a long journey to Kar'm's territory, but you've finally arrived. It's certainly not what you expected...but at the same time, it kinda was.)
Narrator: Whew. Haven't made such a trip in a long ass time. Last time I came to thia area, was when...
(He stopped suddenly. What was he going to say? Did he forget? Maybe...it was because he didn't want to?)
Narrator: ...nevermind, kid. Let's just keep going. Kar'm should be in his fortress somewhere. Currently, we're only on the outskirts of his domain.
(He gave a thoughful hum, and tapped his foot for a few moments.)
Narrator: That means we should continue our journey...to the west.

(As you continued your travels westward, the two of you came across towns and villages. Life appeared extraordinarily normally.)
(Markets were filled with traders and customers, opening some sort of "menu" with a flick of their fingers, most likely to barter with. It floated in front of them, waiting for their commands.)
(Children ran amok, mothers tended to homes, and guards patrolled the streets for trouble.)
(Their residents were obviously busy with the tasks of everyday life, so few had the time to stop and stare at the obvious strangers.)
(The ones that did however, gave looks of curiousity, disgust, or apprehension, and perhaps a mix of those.)
(They didn't appreciate the presence of outsiders, it seemed.)
(You decided wisely that it would be better for you and your companion to move away as quickly as your feet would allow. Trouble was the last thing you needed.)

> User input here <

(The atmosphere changed as you and the Narrator came to the countryside. The entirety of this area was composed of farming settlements, sectioned off from one another with basic fencing.)
(Everyone here appeared to be miserable. These peasants wore very basic clothing, soiled with dirt, as they toiled away in the fields, hoes and shovels in hand.)
(Many of them were clearly exhausted...a definite sign of being overworked. Was it forced labor?)
Narrator: I feel bad for these poor folks. Never asked for anything of this...hmm...
Narrator: We gotta keep moving. Once we take care of Kar'm, things will be back to normal again. We can help these people by doing our jobs.
(You wanted to argue, but you knew he was right. Any help you gave now would just be short term.)

> User input here <

(At last, you've come to gates of Kar'm's fortress. The lair of the big baddie; the lion's den itself.)
(The fortress was huge; the outer walls composed of metal and stone. It's design was very similar to that of a castle, though far larger in height and size.)
Narrator: The gates are closed. As to be expected, it's not like Kar'm's just gonna let us waltz in there.
(The Narrator raises his staff, and utters an enchantment. Green energy flows from the worn wooden object and forms an oval directly on the large steel gate.)
(An image of what appears to be...the other side suddenly forms on the green oval. Oh! It's a portal!)
Narrator: Come on then. Hurry up and get in! I'll follow you through.

(You jump through the portal...and unsurprisingly, find Kar'm, standing in the courtyard on the other side, already prepared for the inevitable battle betwen you both.)
Kar'm: WELCOME! TO MY MOST HUMBLE ABODE. I THOUGHT YOU WOULDN'T COME, THOUGH IT LOOKS LIKE MY FEARS WERE CERTAINLY MISPLACED.
(The Narrator, as he said he would, appeared beside you, staff at the ready.)
Narrator: You've probably never wielded a meme's actual power, so it's gonna be a strange first experience.
Narrator: Just remember to focus the energies towards your target. Might wanna clench your buttcheeks too, I heard it helps.

> User input here <

Kar'm: I DO BELIEVE ENOUGH SMALL TALK HAS PASSED, DON'T YOU, playerName?

> User input here <

Kar'm: LET US END THIS. I WILL, AT THE VERY LEAST, GIVE YOU THE HONOR OF ENDING YOU RIGHTLY. You are gonna be in the history books after all.
Kar'm: NOW THEN! PREPARE TO DIE. FACEBOOK BANHAMMER!
(Kar'm raises his hand, before quickly lowering it again. A massive blue and white energy hammer materializes on top of you and attemmpts to smash you, before being stopped by a wave of green energy.)
(Another massive blue energy blade appears to your right, swinging at you, but stopping at the last moment, thanks to another shield of green energy.)
Narrator: Now's not the time to freeze up, kid! Get your head in the game! Hurry up and get those memes onto the playing field!
(You glance at him and nod quickly, before beginning the summoning ritual. One by one, the memes materialize in their forms, slighty ethereal and filled with energy.)

(Kar'm's eyes widen, before narrowing again in focus.)
Kar'm: SO. YOU'VE DISCOVERED THE ANCIENT POWERS THE ELDER ANCESTORS WOULD WIELD. LET'S SEE HOW WELL YOU HANDLE IT THEN!
(Kar'm sets down the suitcase in his left hand, and opens it. Bluish energy rushes out, and readies itself in both of Kar'm's hands.)
(He thrusts his arms out in front of him, palms open, and channels the bluish hue of power. You can hear the faint screaming of...people?)
Kar'm: MY MOST POWERFUL ATTACK! THE SOUL BLAST, AGAINST YOUR MEMES. LET'S SEE WHO WILL TRIUMPH!
(His voice was clearly strained in effort, but he never took his attention away from you, or the energy that was forming alarmingly quickly in his palms.)
(You knew what had to be done.)
(Gathering the energy of the memes, you willed them into one formation, to face Kar'm's Soul Blast head on. Purple energies flowed freely from the memes, before rushing forward to meet the dastardly blue onslaught.)

> If user has more than 7 Power <

(Both of you struggled immensely, trying to outdo each other's power, for the fate of this world had depended on it!)
(You could feel Kar'm's intense energy, only matched by that of your own. Both of you had the fiercest determination, and the clearest of goals.)
(And in that moment, you developed a respect for him. Even though he was the enemy who tried to destroy you first, you felt that you could almost understand him.)
(Driving out the distracting thoughts in your head, you pushed onwards. Harder! Better! Faster! Stronger!)
(You could feel Kar'm's energy being pushed back, slowly, but steadily.)

(The Narrator was preoccupied with stopping the blue energy hammer and sword; he would be of no assistance to you.)
(But you didn't need his help. Not anymore, not this time.)
(Letting out a scream from the depths of your soul, you make one final effort, the purple energy intensifying in color.)
(Kar'm's eyes widened, as in the same moment, his guard broke, and he was enveloped by the full force of your attack.)
(The lizard man was sent flying backwards, and crashed into a wall, fracturing it.)
(The bluish energy that Kar'm had summoned earlier disappated, and you weren't sure what would happen to it.)
(Walking over to Kar'm's now severly damaged figure, you knelt down beside him, staying silent. Words would not be necessary to convey how you felt.)
Kar'm: To be...ARGH...defeated by a mere child! This...ARGH...is most certainly....ARGH...embarrasing.
(To your surprise, he let a genuine smile onto his lips.)
Kar'm: You...fought well. Fought well...indeed.
(Those were his final words. He was still after that. Moments later, he disintegrated into millions of pieces, into data, that was going to be reincorporated into other beings. Most likely, anyways.)
(You thought of home, now that your duty had been completed. How were you going to get home?)

Narrator: Hey kid! Get over here, I found something you'll definitely be interested in!
(You ran in the direction of the Narrator's voice. Turns out, he wasn't too far away, just in on the of the adjacent buildings connected to the courtyard.)
Narrator: Look at this! It's a portal! Completely seperate from an casting entity and on its own, but still functioning!
(The portal in question was red, and was generated from a highly technological looking framebase. But what caught your attention was what you could see on the other side of the portal.)
(Your home. Your bedroom, and the computer that you were working on days ago. How much time had passed since you came into Datascape?)
(Everything looked the same as when you left. Nobody seems to have noticed you missing. Maybe time passed differently in the Datascape?)
Narrator: Now's your chance. Home sweet home is right on the other side.
Narrator: Gotta say. I think I'll miss your spunk, kid. You've done well, for someone so inexperienced. Thanks for doing your duty, 46th Grand Memer.
(He smiled at you thankfully, and gestured towards the portal.)
(You thank him for his help, for everything, before shaking his hand, and jumping through the red energy separating you from home.)

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...

Narrator: "Well now, old friend. Finally bit the dust now, haven't we?", he said to nobody in particular, as he strolled past where Kar'm used to be.
Picking up the now ownerless suitcase, he closed it shut.
Narrator: "This belongs to me now. You've done your part...and that stupid kid has as well." A smirk on his face grew, and quickly changed into something sinister.
Suitcase and staff in both hands, he walked to the fortress's throne room, and filled the empty seat on the far side.
Narrator: "Now then. It's time for a new era..."

> If user has less than 7 Power <

(Both of you struggled immensely, trying to outdo each other's power, for the fate of this world had depended on it!)
(However...you could feel the difference. Kar'm was slowly, but surely pushing you back. There was no doubt about it. You could feel the purple energy growing weaker.)

(The Narrator had his own problems: he was concentrating on stopping the hammer and the sword that was still there. Getting sliced in half of bashed to a pulp would not be good right now.)
(He turned to you, and looked in horror as he realized you had lost.)

(In that moment, your guard broke, and the full force of Kar'm's Soul Blast smashed into you, and sent you flying.)
(You could feel yourself disintegrating, the very fiber of your being being consumed as the screaming grew louder, and louder.)

(The last thing you could hear was a cry from the Narrator. He sounded scared, desperate even.)
(He only said two words.) 
("No, kid!")
(And everything went black, and ceased to exist...)