Narrator: Okay. I think we're in a safe enough place. It's gonna take a while for ugly lizard thing to realize we're gone, let alone even find us.
Narrator: I'm sure you've got a lot of questions, kid. Ask away. I'll answer what I can.

> User inputs "Who is Kar'm? And what does he have to do with me?" <

Narrator: Hey, that's two questions! Ahem, excuse me...
Narrator: Well, it's kind of a long story. But I'll shorten it so that you don't lose your attention span.
Narrator: A long, long time ago, in a place far away, two men, Vint Cerf and Robert E. Kahn, collaborated and created an ass ton of complicated protocols that became the Internet.
Narrator: That's when Datascape was born. Course, there wasn't anything in it. Yet.
Narrator: Then, a certain gentleman by the name of Timothy Berners-Lee. He took the work of Kahn and Cerf and improved on it, creating the World Wide Web.
Narrator: All sorts of whatnot flooded into the Datascape. This place we're in is just one of them.
Narrator: There was no ruler or anything. Everything here just minded its own business here. Then, everything changed when the Facebook Nation attacked.

playerName: Hang on, what?

Narrator: The Facebook Nation, led by Kar'm, quickly conquered much of the Datascape. Kar'm then proceeded to rule this realm with an iron grip, crushing all opposition and dissidents.
Narrator: He had the previous Grand Memer executed. It seems that fate has chosen you as the next one.
Narrator: Granted, if you don't succeed here, another Grand Memer will eventually rise. But that means you'll also die, so....
Narrator: Yeah. You kinda wanna kick Kar'm's ass, is what I'm saying.

> User inputs "Why am I here?" <

Narrator: I'm pretty sure you've already figured it out, but whatever.
Narrator: You, as the next Grand Memer, need to eliminate Kar'm to drive out the Facebook Nation's oppression and restore harmony to the Datascape.
Narrator: Once you have fulfilled your duty, you may return home. And it was kind of Kar'm that summoned you in the first place, so there's that.
Narrator: Simple, eh? No pressure, kid.
(You wholeheartedly disagree.)

> User inputs "What is the Datascape?" <

Narrator: Hmm...it's a bit difficult to describe accurately, but as I mentioned before, it's a digital realm. The rules that govern your world, don't apply here.
Narrator: Everything that exists here is data. I suppose it's a 3-dimensional manifestation of the internet that can be viewed and manipulated.
Narrator: All significant things on the modern internet have their representations here. Changes to them will reflect here as well, and vice versa.
Narrator: Kar'm figured this out you see, and now he's trying to change the actual internet by screwing with the state of things here.

> User inputs "Why are you helping me?" <

Narrator: Don't worry about it. Let's just say that your fate..."coincides" with my own.

> User inputs "What's a 'Grand Memer'?" <

Narrator: Hang on. 
(The Narrator takes out a small book from his satchel, and flips through it.)
Narrator: Sorry, it's been so long since the last one that I forgot the actual definition. Right, here we are.
Narrator: And Saint Pepe proclaimed that, the MemeLord hadst told him, that therein shalt be a Grand Memer, one raised every generation. 
Narrator: Thee duties shalt be fulfilled in order to securest a most lasting peace.
Narrator: Thine shalt: enforce justice where needed, maintain thee balance of thisin realm, and continue thine efforts to keepeth thee peace and harmony for all.
Narrator: There ya go, kid. Justice, balance, and peace.
Narrator: Obviously, Kar'm's invasion has screwed up basically all of these. It's up to you to get rid of him and restore those three principles back to the Datascape.
Narrator: But uhh, no pressure, eh kid?
(You nervously sweatdrop)

> User inputs "How do we beat Kar'm?" <

Narrator: Onto the important bits, eh? Alright, listen closely.
Narrator: In order to defeat Kar'm, you need to gather a certaina amount of relics that contain ancient energies powerful enough to destroy him. They are known to you as "memes".
Narrator: Not all memes are created equal, however. Some of these will be "dank memes", meaning they will be far more powerful than the normal ones.
Narrator: You'll get these from the Meme Machine, which I'll show you in a bit.

> User inputs "What is that green thing you're able to use? Is is magic?" <

Narrator: Eh. Kinda. Yes and no.
Narrator: It's just me manipulating the reality of the Datascape. Kinda like me exerting my will onto the Datascaoe, and getting it to do something.
Narrator: For me, it manifests as green energy.

> User input here <

Narrator: I think that's everything you need to know. Come with me. I'll guide you to the Meme Machine. It's time to fulfill your destiny, kid.